I think the Navy within their publications has a really big push for mentorship.
And that's somebody that may not necessarily be like you,
but someone that you could come alongside to grow, maybe someone that
you aspire to be. So before I make choices, I obviously first go
to my family because it affects them and their well being. And then
I will go to individuals that I have trusted over the time, not someone
who if it's a marriage situation, I'm not gonna ask the person that
was divorced five times I'm gonna talk Thio, maybe the chaplain
or maybe someone who has a marriage in which I respect. If it's a career
issue, I'm gonna look to people who are doing good things in their
career, maybe people who are the ones that are on top and so on
where they want to get Ah, good grasp of many different circumstances
around me so I could make the best decision